resume.md, before:

# mike cousins

/[a-z]+ware/ engineer

> Brooklyn, NY | <mike@cousins.io> | <a href='http://mike.cousins.io' target='_blank'>http://mike.cousins.io</a> | <a href='https://github.com/mcous' target='_blank'>@mcous</a>

## work

### Keen Home

> Connected home startup | New York, NY | <a href='https://keenhome.io' target='_blank'>https://keenhome.io</a>

- *Senior product engineer*
  - *July 2015 to present*
- *Mechatronics engineer*
  - *November 2014 to July 2015*


- Helped build Keen Home's API using **Scala**, **Elasticsearch**, **RabbitMQ**, **Redis**, **Docker**, and **AWS**
- Built and maintained **Node.js**-based API **integration tests**, admin tools, and schedule systems
- Wrote and shipped production <a href='https://keenhome.io/smart-vent' target='_blank'>Smart Vent</a> firmware in **C** with the SiLabs Ember **ZigBee** stack
- Created factory software in **Scala** and **Node.js** / **Electron** with **React** and **Redux** frontends

### tracespace

> Open-source organization | <a href='https://github.com/tracespace' target='_blank'>https://github.com/tracespace</a>

- *Creator and main contributor*
  - *July 2014 to present*


- Published **Node.js** **Stream**-based **JavaScript** PCB to **SVG** <a href='https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=maintainer:mcous%20keywords:pcb' target='_blank'>visualization libraries</a> to **npm**
- Launched a free client-side <a href='http://viewer.tracespace.io' target='_blank'>PCB viewer webapp</a> built with **Deku**, **Redux**, and **Web Workers**

### Wiley Cousins

> Software and hardware development shop | New Orleans, LA

- *Co-founder and hardware engineer*
  - *October 2013 to October 2014*


- Designed CAD (**SolidWorks** and **KiCad**) and firmware (**AVR 8-bit**) for the <a href='https://github.com/wileycousins/clockblock' target='_blank'>clockblock LED clock</a>
- Taught 12 week hands-on circuits class taking students from no experience up to digital logic

## libraries, tools, and skills

- **JavaScript** - Node.js (and built-in libraries), npm, Mocha, Zuul, testdouble.js, Lodash, Bluebird
- **Frontend web** - Redux, React, bundlers, Web Workers, WebSockets, SVG, Sketch, Tachyons
- **Backend web** - Elasticsearch, RabbitMQ, Redis, AWS (EC2, Lambda, S3), Docker, NGINX
- **Hardware** - Embedded C, AVR 8-bit, ARM Cortex, ZigBee, KiCad, PCB assembly, SolidWorks
- **Scala** - Akka, Spray, Jackson, Elastic4s, sbt


## education

### Northwestern University

> McCormick School of Engineering  | Evanston, IL

- *Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering (concentrating in intelligent mechanical systems)*

Commit message:

Add opentrons, adjust margins / print font size, remove target=_blank

resume.md, after:

# mike cousins

/[a-z]+ware/ engineer

> Brooklyn, NY | <mike@cousins.io> | <http://mike.cousins.io> | [@mcous](https://github.com/mcous)

## work

### Opentrons Labworks

> Robots for biologists | Brooklyn, NY | <https://opentrons.com>

- *Front-end software engineer*
  - *August 2017 to present*


- Working on the [Opentrons app](http://opentrons.com/ot-app) built with **Electron**, **React**, **Redux**

### Keen Home

> Connected home products | New York, NY | <https://keenhome.io>

- *Senior product engineer*
  - *July 2015 to July 2017*
- *Mechatronics engineer*
  - *November 2014 to July 2015*


- Helped build Keen Home's API using **Scala**, **Elasticsearch**, **RabbitMQ**, **Redis**, **Docker**, and **AWS**
- Designed, scoped, built, and released the Keen API's **OAuth** server and web front-end
- Built and maintained **Node.js**-based API **integration tests**, admin tools, and schedule systems
- Wrote and shipped production [Smart Vent](https://keenhome.io/smart-vent) firmware in **C** with the SiLabs Ember **ZigBee** stack
- Created factory software in **Scala** and **Node.js** / **Electron** with **React** and **Redux** frontends

### tracespace

> Open-source organization | <https://github.com/tracespace>

- *Creator and main contributor*
  - *July 2014 to present*


- Published **Node.js** **Stream**-based **JavaScript** PCB to **SVG** [visualization libraries](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=maintainer:mcous%20keywords:pcb) to **npm**
- Launched a free client-side [PCB viewer webapp](http://viewer.tracespace.io) built with **Deku**, **Redux**, and **Web Workers**

### Wiley Cousins

> Software and hardware development shop | New Orleans, LA

- *Co-founder and hardware engineer*
  - *October 2013 to October 2014*


- Designed CAD (**SolidWorks** and **KiCad**) and firmware (**AVR 8-bit**) for the [clockblock LED clock](https://github.com/wileycousins/clockblock)
- Taught 12 week hands-on circuits class taking students from no experience up to digital logic

## libraries, tools, and skills

- **JavaScript** - Node.js (and built-in libraries), npm, Mocha, Zuul, testdouble.js, Lodash, Bluebird
- **Frontend web** - Redux, React, bundlers, Web Workers, WebSockets, SVG, Sketch, Tachyons
- **Backend web** - Elasticsearch, RabbitMQ, Redis, AWS (EC2, Lambda, S3), Docker, NGINX
- **Hardware** - Embedded C, AVR 8-bit, ARM Cortex, ZigBee, KiCad, PCB assembly, SolidWorks
- **Scala** - Akka, Spray, Jackson, Elastic4s, sbt


## education

### Northwestern University

> McCormick School of Engineering  | Evanston, IL

- *Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering (concentrating in intelligent mechanical systems)*
